1. https://refgd.onrender.com/ Scroll animation should be lazy scroll effect and the entire animation from Welcome to chose your path to mastery, should happen within one scroll and not a bunch of scrolls, make it work the same by scrolling back up also, because currently scrolling back up at stopping at some frames creates flickering and allot of lag. At the section "you have arrived" there is a white overlay for half of the screen that should not be there. Make the whole animation smooth and not lagy, in one scroll, Add one more card at the end after the existing 4, with the name "BUY 4 YOU". All 5 cards should have a scroll-controlled camera fly-by (diagonal zoom + sideways motion) that creates a cinematic 3D effect. Add a tiny pulsating outline glow to all 5 box cards each glow with the color of the boxcard.

2. https://refgd.onrender.com/store-list i want the animation to be a scroll-controlled, real-time 3D camera fly-through with generative, physics-based visuals. Change the illustration currently there to image_17777350677999.png (make it transparent and make an the furniture come in with an entrance animation upon page first load no scrolling required.
The AHH feel the joy of cashback should fly in from the side word by word like a LED Scrolling Message Display through the screen, the previous frames and words should be out of frame and not visible during this experience, and the message should fly by sideways and then with a 3d animation align itself back in the center for a full readibility. Replace stop wasting time and money illustration with image_1777350535781.png make it transparent and make it animated as if the person is acctually scrolling through different products
Change in section "how it works" box cards to liquid glass design. 
between sections "how it works" and "why chose us" instead of that shopping back bakground illustration add 3d animated gold coin animation that flips 360degress 3d animation simulating a coinflip upon scroll, but again animation should be a lazy parallax scroll happening in just one scroll without continious scrolling. the opacity of the gold coin should not be 100% but around 60-75% and should be in the same place the shopping bag illustration is at right now (not taking up the entire screen just that small part, not invading any text)
Compare and match all of this page to be the same exact as https://refundgod.io/refund-service/ do not change or summarize any of the text, make changes accordingly to sections where the text is summarized/similar/incomplete on the current page. 
add entrance animation to "the rules" box cards
align the last two boxes to be in the middle on PC, and after scrolling after "the rules" section to Select your region there is a huge space gap, fix that.
Increase regions boxcards opacity or outline, they are barely seen
Each category text (the ones where you scroll along with the box cards, not the filter by category button) should have a small white glow behind them just to increase visibility and readibility
3. https://refgd.onrender.com/evade-cancelations the starting animation should be of a safety vault where the pin wheel spins and zooms in to the digital safety vault with a cinematic scroll controlled 3d camera experience, all being a lazy scroll and animation happening in one scroll (without continious scrolling). change the background to be white digital 3d gradient abstract liquid glass pixels floating around and the entire background should be dark blue and slight dark purple gradient. 
check refundgod.io/home for all missing text and edit and replace all summarized/similar and text that is missing from there, allot of the text is missed, dont summarize the text it has to be word for word copied, also the youtube video embeded section is missing and should be added. 
the youtube video should autoplay with sound, temporarily pausing the background music, dim the lights around making it theater mode focus on the video, and lights turn back on upon scrolling away from the video and background music should resume. Upon scrolling and lights fading back on, there should  be a breif 3d cosmic blue digital pixel rain animation that is lazy parallax scroll triggered and entire animation completes in one scroll that showcases upon whether scrolling up or down
the box and animation the youtube video is in should be Scroll-driven camera dolly through a deforming 3D mesh animation that stays in shape and displays whether you scroll up or down

all boxcards should have liquid glass design, and a elastic card expansion where the edges stretch via deformation instead of simple scaling triggered by parallax lazy scrolling that should be automatic and happen within one scroll. 

add animation to the boxes where evade like a pro is replace the background image there with this one (image_1777355041222.png) but make it transparent, after the boxcard with words with credit lines up to $10,000 add the following image (image_1777355100234.png) and align in the center it (make it transparent and remove freepic watermark on bottom) for Why trust us? behind replace the globe illustrations in the background to something better for stealth opsec card add image_1777355123187.png inside the boxcard and size it correct to fit (make it transparent) for evasion book level 1 add image_1777355198170.png inside the boxcard and size it correct to fit (make it transparent) for evasion level 2 add image_1777355571221.png  inside the boxcard and size it correct to fit (make it transparent) 
find somewhere to insert image_1777355212370.png 

4. https://refgd.onrender.com/exclusive-mentorships replace the current chess board animation with something more advanced and Scroll-driven parallax with layered reveal and smooth content transitions, with a illustration that matches the page context (something better and more complex than just a chess board and something that can be continuos throughout the layered reveal animation)  
all text and boxcard animations should work when scrolling back up and repeat when scrolling back down
what's included (both of them there are two) the numbered tables animation when coming in dissapear for a second and reappear upon further scrolling, they should have a bounce animation bounce off the top box
Add 3d animations for all text lines (dont make them repetitive make each animation transition when scrolling unique and make it a lazy parallax scrolling effect for the transition to happen in one scroll, for example glowing typewriter effect, or fly in or anything of the sort and it should appear when scrolling back up and scrolling back down again). for all of the boxcards make a elastic card expansion where the edges stretch via deformation instead of simple scaling triggered by parallax lazy scrolling that should be automatic and happen within one scroll. 
what's included (both of them there are two) the numbered tables animation when coming in dissapear for a second and reappear upon further scrolling, they should have a bounce animation bounce off the top box
for section A whole new world to explore replace current image there with image (image_17773572344273.png)  (make it transparent and animated and crop the bottom vectorstock border)

move up slightly Stopwatching start earning text along with the buynow button so not so much space is there 

A factory of methods should have animated 3d render large horizantal object similar to the spline one there was before in transparent fully mode, that represents a factory it should be in design illustration style like rest of images on the page and not in realistic reallife cinematic style

When you are finished with everything optimize all changes to be mobile and tablet compatible.

5. Admin editing page does not work on Evade page and storelist page (for the text part i cant edit the text) also on mentorship page where the glowing boxcards are if i write text that exceeds limit and moves on to a new line during the preview it moves down the boxcards along with it to stay aligned but when saving changes it reverts back to be all on one line of text.. check for similar issues on other pages and fix this. 

